Suggested changes (#16)
michalbali256/HlasmPlugin-docs: documentation/preface.tex

We introduce such plugin that improves HLASM programming experience, so that it can be compared to coding in modern programming languages, by providing instant code validity checks, advanced highlighting, code analysis, and all the functionality that a programmer currently takes for granted when writing code.

> Some of the most noteworthy properties and features of the plugin are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most significant properties and features of the plugin are:
```

povodne to znie dost slabo

\begin{itemize}

> 	\item It is capable of interpreting and tracing a large subset of HLASM features

Reviewer 2: > 
```suggestion
	\item It is capable of interpreting and tracing a large subset of HLASM code-generating instructions
```

> 	\item It contains a list of all built-in instructions and validates the generated code

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	\item It contains a list of all built-in instructions that is used to validate the generated code
```
